Hannah Smith Mari, what do you expect me to think when you post ignorant drivel? 

By your logic it is OK to kill someone if you take care of them first?

Rachel Mo Martin I disagree with eating rabbits, but just because I do, doesn't mean that I have to hate everyone that eats them, or throw a fit because someone doesn't agree with me.
The reason I don't eat them is because, cows have lots more meat per animal, as do deer, and pretty much every other animal that I eat. 
Now, I do disagree with people that eat rabbits that do not give the rabbits a good life while they're alive, or who treat the rabbit's life like it were a joke, like picking fun at dead rabbits and posting pictures of them skinned. (Yes, I have encountered such people) However, I like this video because it shows that these people do care about the rabbits...why else would they take the time to make him his own "wheelchair"? Good on them for taking care of the little guy.

Hannah Smith Mari, you are a self centred fool. There's no point in arguing with you because no sense can get through that thick skull of yours. Good day.

Rashael Benitez Thank the good Lord that y'all were born in a powderpuff era where you didn't have to eat what you could, or starve. But shame on y'all for being such candy coated little liberal princesses that you feel the need to persecute someone for taking on a different approach to feeding their families than you. Go back to your books. Remember that your Veggies and your tofu come from farms as well and without this complete way of life, you'd starve too ??????

Mari Glodowicz Your the one who is self centered and believe that your way is the only way. You throw insults at people who dont agree with you. I am making statements that can be backed by common sense and research.

Lauren Gillies Mari Glodowicz humans ARE animals. A rabbit is a pet, not for eating. I'm against eating any animal, but especially a rabbit. Would you eat a dog??? Or a cat for that matter?

Mari Glodowicz Tiffany Desiree you are not the only one. I have eatten rabbit too

Lauren E. Leandro All these pissy Negative Nancies and self-righteous vegetarians commenting like they know everything

https://www.facebook.com/OverlookAcres/videos/1703522799892754/?fref=nf

Overlook Acres This particular bunny will never be eaten - but I have explained in other comments that these bunnies/rabbits live in a commune that reflects there natural environment. Many new mothers will lose their entire first litter of kits because they don't build the nest properly or they abandon their kits - this is even more dramatic in the winter. Unfortunately, animals will also be animals, and in a commune environment, while trying to replicate natural habitat - which by far and large leads to happier and healthier bunnies you will occasionally have dominance issues between does - often that may mean another doe raiding another more submissive rabbits nest. If this happens the kits are unprotected and even if it was 50 or 60 degrees out it is tough for a newborn kit to survive in such a situation. When we identify that this happens the kits are brought inside and hand reared. There are over 20 rabbits in the commune though and rabbits have kits every 27 days --- so you don't catch every single one.

Julie Fawcett-Watson I bet her kids respect the hell out of her. It takes a lot of courage to raise healthy food for her family.

Rudy Daniels You're so ignorant vegans do not eat leaves & twigs but of course you are too moronic to know because your lazy,disconnected ass is addicted to violence, blood, bone & dead flesh

Robin Ricca Wehmeyer Kasie, don't tell me what I was, and what I wasn't, ok, bitch? Because you weren't there. I was vegan for years. And I got tired of the bullshit, the catty crap from bitches like you, the hypocritical shit, and the ignorant, hysterical propoganda. Oh, and my meat eating friends didn't dump me when I became vegan, but the so-called "friends" I had when I was vegan called me disgusting and a traitor when I became an omnivore once again. So you and your ilk can piss the hell off, k?

David Hockenbarger This is not cute. Your absolute refusal to listen to veterinarian medicine and just plain common sense, has destroyed this poor bunny's life. Of course, you shouldn't be breeding in the first place. There are WAY too many unwanted rabbits in the world. You think you're saints for helping the poor thing. You aren't. You're monsters for CAUSING IT IN THE FIRST PLACE. If you lose a single kit to the cold, YOU HAVE FAILED AS A HUMAN. Your job is to provide safe, healthy homes to the animals we have domesticated. You OBVIOUSLY either can't or won't do this. You FAIL!

Linda Sue Overlook Acres I am sorry you feel so greedy that you have to eat animals that are considered pets. This is 2016 News Flash we humans do not require a meat diet but it is a choice we all make to eat or not eat meat. We are certainly not going to starve without by any means. So the I am feeding my family does not fly and if you raised them humanely they would not be freezing in your barn.

David Hockenbarger What is humane or respectful about hypothermia? THAT IS ANIMAL ABUSE! PLAIN AND SIMPLE! You are psychopaths if you can't recognize that. Oh, and here's an admission that you're hoarders. You don't even know how many rabbits you have! What's the difference between you and some crazy woman in the city with 30+ cats in her house? Oh yeah, she doesn't slaughter hers intentionally. You obvious don't care about these animals. You obviously don't even check them daily. How can you know they aren't dying of horrific diseases when you don't even know how many there are?! You can't! You can't know if one is in stasis. You can't tell if one has pasteurella, or syphilis, etc. You don't care either. You enjoy abusing animals. You are nothing but monsters.

Alexis Mattes You're an idiot David Hockenbarger.

Sharon Mcfarlane You are despicable not only for bringing animals into the world for your flesh and fur enterprise, but especially for exploiting this innocent baby's misfortune. I wish I'd never seen this.

Tracey Wyman Gust Get off Facebook then Sharon Mcfarlane!!!! Either get off or quit judging people. Are you God?

Robert Bressler Joanne Stfu. 
Just stfu. 
Nobody asked you if you're a fucking vegetarian. 
Just because you're an idiot, I'm going to go eat a steak for you

psychotic freak animal abusers.

yes because beans & rice are so expensive you fucking shit eating moron. your animal flesh is highly subsuduzed by taxpayer money if not you couldn't have your sick, shitfilled $ cow flesh burgers.

dude let's just eat the fucking vegans.

sarah doolittle fuck u twat waffle the zoo is down the road and they eat bugs with sticks you dumb fkn blonde knit wit. go you tube it.

tina westfall you are nasty and hateful. shame on you.

You're fucking ridiculous!

Hopefully the SPCA will shut you down and put you in prison.

Martha you're a moron


Robin Ricca Wehmeyer Kasie, don't tell me what I was, and what I wasn't, ok, bitch? Because you weren't there. I was vegan for years. And I got tired of the bullshit, the catty crap from bitches like you, the hypocritical shit, and the ignorant, hysterical propoganda. Oh, and my meat eating friends didn't dump me when I became vegan, but the so-called "friends" I had when I was vegan called me disgusting and a traitor when I became an omnivore once again. So you and your ilk can piss the hell off, k?

Robin Ricca Wehmeyer Kasie, you will NEVER understand the omnivorous world. Please, go away, snowflake. It's just not good for your fragile frontal lobe to be here. You poor, poor thing.

indee Krakauer MC Busbin, are you an idiot on purpose, or can you not help yourself? Did you read how this bunny was saved from freezing to death, but lost the use of his legs. He is a happy bunny, rolling around on his little skateboard. Got a problem with that??


Hipster bullshit. Not any kind of art.

What is 'art' about this piece?
where were the comments from the audience? What did we learn about their interpretation? If we don't know what they thought about a 'piece' which I'm assuming was meant to convey a meaning. Then what worth did they have?
What 'interior sign' was she referring too? The black shit in the can? Should we interpret that? Does the interior refer to the building the performance took place in? Does it refer to each singular subjective position that experienced that performance?
For me its lazy art (with a lower case a). The name 'Interior semiotics' and boring performance with no explanation of why it is, or what its trying to accomplish, forces the viewers to make their own assumptions about the video. The term 'semiotics' is a massive field, much bigger than this video implies, here's a starter guide:

i want to kick the shit out of evreyone in that room

(Cant embed, says the file is already in use however no thread.)
Just another victim of Merkels bullshit.
I hope Merkel is raped to death by the end of it all.

Women memed rape-culture into existence. It's payback for 50+ of their backstabbing. The sandniggers will continue to have their fun until the karmic debt has been repaid. After that the desert filth will be exterminated.

Here is your narrative for the feminist birthday clown.  Friday decision too, taking out the trash, eh?

In November 2012, Elliott was arrested and charged with criminal harassment after arguing with several activists on Twitter. He didn't threaten or endanger anyone. All he did was argue.
As a result of his detention and trial, Greg has accumulated nearly one hundred thousand dollars in legal fees. He has been prohibited from using computers and the Internet and forced to leave his job. 
Gregory Alan Elliott lives in Toronto with his four sons. He is currently awaiting the final verdict in his trial.

A smaller version of today's globalist Jews. Now what does that tell us.

Does Trump retweet things himself?
If so, that would mean Trump knowingly retweeted a WN account, one whose profile picture is George Lincoln Rockwell.


Rampling, 69, is up for the best actress prize for her role in the British drama 45 Years, from director Andrew Haigh, where she will compete against Room’s Brie Larson, Carol’s Cate Blanchett, Joy’s Jennifer Lawrence and Brooklyn’s Saiorse Ronan. Asked for her take on the current furore over all-white lists of nominees on French Radio network Europe 1 on Friday morning, the British actor did not mince her words. “It is racist to whites,” she said.

Is this a false flag by the academy kikes (give awards to white looking kikes to "prove" white privilege) or did they simply forget themselves and shower awards on kikes like they always really want to do?

Bloody hell. Complaining about diversity is pretty stupid but claiming victimhood is also stupid. This is oppression olympics level shit. In the end, I can understand asking for transparency (if anything so it can be made obvious when faggots push their gay agenda bullshit) but think quotas is going too far

Also, I've noticed some old-school based Brit actors dropping some redpills recently.  Michael Caine also called bullshit on the nigger outrage crowd.

I guess one never does forget commanding troops while slaughtering niggers.

I'm pretty sure that picture is from a movie.  She didn't *actually* fuck a nigger, did she?  Please tell she didn't fuck a nigger.  Once I find out a white woman burns coal, she is lower than dirt to me.

gas the kikes!
race war now!

She was in her fuck years in the 60s hippie era, "free" love, she did nigger sex scenes in movies.  That she was willing to mack with a nigger for jewlywood is enough for le trash.

Well, at least there's no evidence she's fucked niggers IRL.. Plus, she's bought two 100% white people into this world.

Fucking on tv for a living is still fucking, i don't care if it's "art". It's like Georges Zimmerman, it doesn't matter if it was self defense or not he's a killer not a home delivery boy of very late term abortions or like that mudshark in that marvel tv show. Whores are whores.

Ya know, I've had a hard time getting it up just looking at still porn the last year or so (no performance problems, just, still porn doesnt do anything for me)…. but this… this is one time I'm grateful for that to be the case

you don't belong here, Ari.  Fuck off back to your rathole.

They're reveling in all of their power, both real and fantasy, and that is all that matters.
I looked online to see if SJWs in 2016 had gotten less crazy after several years of failure after failure. Nope.

I got told something like this by a racist nigger today on Facebook.
I dream of a re-enslavement movement starting up here in the USA. So I can post un-ironically photoshopped Uncle Sam Wants You (back in shackles) to all these full-retard niggers.

>Bitch can take SEVERAL seats. “Racist to whites” isn’t a thing, because racism is prejudice PLUS institutional power, and white people are the ones with institutional power. It’s 2016, and there’s frankly no excuse for such self-indulgent ignorance. She can come back once she reads a damned book: preferably, Ta-Nehisi Coates’ “Between the World and Me”, Beverley Tatum’s “Why Are All the Black Kids Sitting Together in the Cafeteria?” and just about anything from Crunk Feminist Collective. Until then, take a seat in the back and resist the temptation to make yourself look even worse.

Fuck the oscars , its an event where rich fucks suck each others dicks because they think they are so great, there are better more worth while things to celebrate. gas the kikes, hang the niggers and kill the traitors.

Never fucking apologize to identity politicians. Poor woman was probably browbeaten and threatened into it.

It's almost like a parody. The one thing to add to your list is that this was in an article where she backed down, so it also showed the worthlessness of doing so.

It might not seem like it now, but the more obnoxious niggers like that, the better.

Ministers vow to stand up to EU 'blackmail' bid to get UK to sign up to quota of thousands of migrants
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3407556/Blackmail-Fury-EU-tells-Britain-Agree-quote-migrants-barred-deporting-thousands.html
FTSE 100 index plunges into 'bear market' territory as oil price rout wipes another £52bn off top-flight share values
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/money/markets/article-3408055/FTSE-100-index-dips-bear-market-territory.html
Death threats, rampant sexism and cheating: German woman reveals what it is really like working in a registration centre for migrants
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3408331/Female-asylum-seeker-helper-working-Hamburg-registration-centre-tells-cheating-death-threats-sexism-migrants.html
Muslim cleric says Cologne sex attacks were the victims' fault because they wore PERFUME
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3408033/Muslim-cleric-says-Cologne-sex-attacks-victims-fault-wore-PERFUME.html
Paki cuts his own hand off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T8RuASNVeYA&feature=youtu.be
Iraq witch-hunt hits a new low: Br

Tfw Jim cucked Sargon for bowing to Jewtube for shekels.

Can you give a concise rundown of this youtube e-drama, anon?
I'm afraid i'm not following.
I give you a cucked RAF for your troubles

ahhhhh excellent. another idaho slut.

Bump

Stupid haircut and pants. Looks hotter with the longer bangs.

ALSO. IM TWENTY FUCKING FIVE. LEAVE EVERY ONE ELSE OUT OF THIS. what are you fucking getting at posting other people's info. EVERYONE ALREADY KNOWS IM A WEBCAM MODEL. you're not ruining my life. You're just being an annoying inhumane piece of shit

You idiots. I'm not actually married so delete his fb post asshole. And there's no such thing as "slut shaming". If it's fine for guys to fuck every moving object it's fine for a girl to be confident with her sexuality.

Jennifer Brightman
Tavares Florida
bi polar psychotic bisexual bitch.
loves eating pussy and butt play including butt plugs.
prefers butch dykes
will ride a cock if it serves her own needs.
owes $9000 to various people in Florida.
did porn in Texas and well known in lesbian community there for being a predator.

LOL found some butch named Alicia posted this cunts phone number on a forum, gonna text her this page LOL

want to snuff her in sealed barrel of shit

Lookit nigger tits

Eden is sex

Yeah it shows that mentally ill looney fucks need to be euthanized 

I hope so because if not "Conductor we have a problem” 

Here the SKS or the Yugo M48 Mauser would be good starting rifles since 7.62x39 and 8mm Mauser are common. I wouldn't recommend a .22lr semi-auto since those are more expensive than milsurp shit here. 

Well the 1A was made for mail and spoken words. Maybe the founding fathers wouldnt want you to post whatever where someone cant ride a horse to shoot you with a musket" 

">hurr durr muh drugs are gud
>alcohol is the real bad
>muh libruls dindu nuffin wrong
>hippocrates"

BF this. 

While you nerds were arguing on the internet, I fucked several black women and now have several beautiful mixed-race transgender Jewish children. 

If Anita Sarkeesian represents women’s rights, why is she silent while girls are being raped in the Middle East by Muslims?Yazidi women, Christian women, ripped out of their mother’s arms.

Well you know, rape in the Middle East is "cultural" for them SJWs so of course we can't touch it. 

How dare you criticise Islam you rasist biggot, even is they kidnap, rape, torture, enslave, cut of their clitoris, and force them to live in a musky dungeon to forever give birth to new jihadist who will be torn from their arms at birth, that their culture and you have no right to discriinate against them when their diversity comes to culturally enrrich our family.

The SJW fucks at Buzzfeed are at it again: HOW DARE CHAN CULTURE FORM A COUNTERCULTURE AGAINST US SJW OVERLORDS! WORSE, HOW DARE THESE WHITE BOYS STAND UP FOR THEMSELVES! THEY NEED TO KNOW THEY ARE DOG SHIT AND ONLY EXIST TO BE SLAVES FOR WOMEN, TRANNIES, AND PEOPLE OF COLOR!!!!!

oh anti-gamergate. never change. this guy has 40k followers and theyve all creampied his ex-wife in front of him.
 
oh gamergate. never change.
or wait no.
do.
(the first guy has 50k followers. but nah, its just fringe elements)
 
what's the cheat code for ejaculating inside your wife and then laughing at you for being a bitch? a-b-a-b-left-left-b?
 
 
butt hurt bastards
being little bitches
stalking your posts and harassing you cause you didn't want to fuck themlmao
a new level of pathetisad achieved
congrats
 
Many good people think gamregate is about journalism & artistic freedom. that's like working at klandaycare. the name means hate, guys.

spacekatgal i hope you get beaten tourtured raped and then finally killed.
 
spacekatgal rape is funny especially when it happens to bitches like you.
 
spacekatgal you are a stupid disgusting bitch. we at 8ch.co/gg/ are planning our next attack on you.
 
spacekatgal i am wanking my dick to the thought of your ass being beaten and raped.
 
spacekatgal my cock will be inside of your pussy. i will rape you.
 
women that support the video games and gamers are no different thatn house niggers during slavery.
 
8chan/gamergate just doxxed me, posting all kinds of personal information about me.
 
guys this is the war on industry women. wake up.
 
how do you feel about the censorship on reddit in the wake of gamergate.

its pathetic. but censorship by companies controlling privatized political space is now almost a norm. facebook is implementing its own "laws" for social behavior and politics. even twitter has now folded; censoring for example leaks about the new zealand prime minister just this week and some time ago banning anonymous sweden after a request from that country. high volume publication + control of publication by powerfu organisations = censorship, all the time. we have to fight to create new networks of freedom. the old and powerful always become corrupt.

i thought i should let you know that the person you just replied to in regards to gamergate has been shadowbanned. clicking on /u.shaskaotselot will bring you to a page not found. he will not know he's been banned.

this is the current state of reddits community and free speech.

and now he's shadowbanned :|

holy shit reddit has fucking balls, shadowbanning in front of julian assange. hahah fucking jesus.

anita tomorrow after my rape

ur soo sexy ur

highout without cloth pic

i wnt to c ur pussy can u show me

ur skype idaho

sis r u trying for muisclemania

great piece on gamergate calling it out as a few hundred incoherent morally toxic sock puppets.

dawntaylor666 not as toxic as your rancid feminist vagina. men aren't taking your misandry anymore, nor fake-gamers pushing politics on us.

thats fucking corruption as much as any of the other shit is, but nah im a guy and so were those reviewers so just let it be i guess

2 bls dlcs i wrote got pretty good reviews from destructoid writers who i was friends with. this has never been mentioned by gamergate once.

why do you think that guys from iointeractive cdprojektred and many others are silent? they don't want to be bullied. that is gamergate.

and i will tell you why. everyone me included is scared that if he raises his voice media will not write about his game. gamergate

what a mess. i should have just kept my mouth shut and never questioned anything. this only winning move is not to play.

we're an accepting and welcoming industry but if you disagree with us we're gonna make you pay!

fuck this. i tried to have a calm conversation about an issue and clearly if i disagree im a bad person that should never be hired.

incrediroe be careful with me. i am a megaphone i am much less kind that rami and i won't mind making an example out of you.

leighalexander that's fine. i have not attacked or insulted anyone. i have been kind and respectful this entire time.

just got off the phone wit the dhief editor of kotaku. i have been fired. the misogynest men have taken over gamergate.

being held accountable != misogyny.

well i guess minorieties can't be upset nowif it does not fit your narrative.

shut the fuck up nigger you just fucked me out of a job.

brianna wu whoring her dying dog to lash at gamergatge.

mfw im a cat person and find dogs somewhat annoying.
ps. polite sage.

also forgot to say gamergate is threatening to dox her vet.

i won't be shocked if her vet is a feminist and will now do a mass media marathon.

cool my cat died when gamergate first started and i didn't bring any attention to it. fuck her. sage.

cool stoiry bro.

when your car dies, died gamergate send you pictures of mutilated cats to rub it in?

because that's what gamergagte did to brianna wu.

interesting logs about how this whole shit has been manufactured.

we need an igf whistleblower.
obvioulsy the blackhats are already at work.
lets look for a clean solution.

this igf is pretty cut and dry at this point, right? what they did was most likely illegal.

that requires connection to the igf in whistleblower status.

this thing is anything we find outside of whistleblowers is not something we can use publicly.

phubans is hit pretty hard.

its cut and dry on speculation and by association. we need actual living breathing people to admit it.

otherwise we hand them ammo and it looks made up.

operation virtuous mission if 4-0 in favor.

basically tldr version is to mobilize v to police any comments that can be interpreted as harassment from our side, screencap said defusal of the situation by us, and whenever anybody tries to blame us for harassement or whatever, we point to that.

all opposed say im a sjw shill

i don't know if they'll do it but have fun.

its the amin concept of jujutsu using the opponents stregth and momentum against them.

that sounds fun but i know the temptation to engage sjw instead of policing and defusing is going to be high.

ugh. rainbow six uses a helpless woman as the flag in its capture the flag style multiplayer game.

hahaha shut up you massive cunt if you were the hostage i would have flat out executed you.

so fyi if you're part of gamergate and sntiharassment know that saying hey don't harass isn't working hasn't worked & never will.

that was the 2cnd call i got tonight btw. this shit hasn't slowed down or stopped, i've just largely stopped talking about it.

cool. mourning a person's suicide and still getting 4:30am phonecalls from randos screaming five guys at me.

now watch as feminist scum defend her because vagina.

mgtow has a 100% success rate of sircumventing these cunthags.

i laughed out loud at the trigger warnings he left in the post. sjw are so funny.

yep angryjow was right. feminist are bitches on heat.

i thought angryjoe was pro-feminist?

haha yeah. she didn't screw enough guys that work at youtube apparently.

bitch's cunt couldn't hadle that many dicks i guess.

assuming she could actually get guys to fuck her for free.

you are a despicably whore :)

femfreq kill yourself feminists are a waste of air also more games shjould have girl characters half naked such as tomb raider etc

femfreq you criticize gmaers for threatening you 1v1 me gta u be the prostitute and ill be the guy that runs over you attention whore

bitch were not talking about that so i hope you get fucking raped u fucking whore

femfreq i hope every feminist has their head severed from their shoulders

femfreq kill yourself oh wait sorry did i hurt your tits with my keyboard

femfreq fuck you and everything you stand for

how about you get cancer femfreq

femfreq fuck you bitch

femfreq oi fuck you mother  fucker slut bitch female ass how fuck you show me your tits

nobody comes at call of duty like that. ill quickscope you irl fgt.

femfreq nightline please shut the fuck up but wait youll make an article about how i threatened you and act like im satan well bitch u r 

femfreq lol dumb bitch

femfreq and gta is a game where there is reality ... i can choose to pick up a slut or not kill a slut or not run over a slut or not

femfreq fuck you youre a dumb cunt

i hope you fucking kill yourself get ice skates split your throat and drink bleach

femfreq shut the fuck up bitch im the lawyer of this community got somkething to say take it up with me.

fuck u. attention whore fuck off.

femfreq you stupid fucking cunt ima fucking rape you alll the way tp 2069 sweatie fuk we me my nigga i nac fer days o wait u don;t know a nac

femfreq fuck you bitch

femfreq just putting it out there you deserve all those death threats you are getting

hi aneta when are you going to fucking kill yourself you annoying fuckign cunt

we are the games you stupidly delusional cunt

go fuck yourself bitch

how the fuck did you make this about feminism? gamregate is about something completely different! dumb bitch

if you are seriously gonna try and change gaming i will hack your account and put gay porn everywhere

i wonder if abc will have a news segment called how does it fell to be a lying cunt and invite femfreq back on

fuck you and fuck everything you stnad for. you are the shit stain of the gaming community just leave games the fuck alone.

stop you do not uderstand about gaming. death threats are made daily as well as rape threats. guess what? it's not only women!

dumb bitch your going to ruin the gaming community for millions of people we hope your happy

get cancer

femfreq you can qriticue the games .. with your slut cunt

im gonna bust dem sugar walls leave an aids load in her

this bitch is such a liar haha. lying about games showing the world they are not sexist but in reality they're not

most women are ugly as fuck without makeup im glad they have to wear it

youre a stupid fat cunt die pls?

listen here u slutty hi bag this isnt about feminist its about you wanting money and trying to take a cummunity down drink bleach

fucking bitch you dont deserve rights feminist need to good to jail for existing

youre a fucking bitch everysingle fkn person who plays online gets death threats! and no one cares its not a big deal

if you were a real gamer you would know this happens to men + women also i think ur just a whore looking for dayddys attention

stop being a bitch. its life people make death threats so what. you wont change anything your just a nothing as i am.

pl-zzzzzzzzzzzzz kill yourself u are ruining the community for all genders dummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmy

uh-boohoo stop crying you selfish faking bitch and get over it who would rape you your fucking ugly you arab bitch

90% of the people that commented on this need a face punch.

Why do you need to be 18 to see some tits?

Taschen books?

oh shut up.

Tim Has , I think it is more a matter of social media and camera phones not existing back then.There were good and evil, moral and immoral, etc then AND now.Also, it's "they're" . I'm a slutty Grammar nazi.

why ruin peoiple gaming experience when you should keep your nose in your own business? clearly you need to be educated.

i wish i knew you should i could have sex with you and then run you over with my car

u are not a real gamer go die get out of here #fuckyouanita

i hope you get raped by 4 men with 9 inch cocks

kill yourself paki

hey bitch heres a bright idea. stayyy the fuck away from gaming? let us do us. we don't fw your line of work so why fw outs?

this is an anonymous death threatened

the only question  is will femfreq be raped first or killed first or ?

death threats and rape threats are in the culture of gaming ... have you ever played an online game? get used to it.

femfreq die please?

kill yourself

if you take death threats seriously, kill yourself

so what! people get angry and make a threat in game and 1 hour later their the nicest person in the world! stop lying to the media!

listen up you dumb hoe. go fuck yourself and your shitty sense. dumb bitch doesn't know anything. kys.

kill your self anita you stupid fucking bitch. your the only one attacked. lol. get the fuck out you feminist cunt.

eyo fucking slut. if you ever come to europe i will rape you into oblivion.

fuck off

let me ask you knidly, anita: get the fuck out of the gaming community, you are like a parasite, would you?

fucking cunt whore stop trying to play victim youre fucking stupid!!!!

im going to kill you

imma kill you and rape you

youre ruinging gamergate for what it was supposed to be like why do u do that whats your problem? stop dude like fuck

you stupid ass bitch i will fuck you in the ass so hard i would break the 9.5 earthquake record and leave that ass jiggling fordays

fuck this stupid bitch.

your a bitch your a bitch your a bitch your a bitch bitch bitch your a bitch

fuck you twat

die please and thank you

swear i would put this bitch 6 feet deep

hope she dies really soon, if not soon enough then i'll kill her

keep on scamming your followers. threats are part of gaming always has been. stop trying to victimize yourself for money.

no one like you anita sarkeesian you little bitch.

femfreq should be femcunt or femfreak LOL! I hate femcunts.

i waant to fucking stab your stupid fucking ugle shaped face you feminist cunt, kill yourself, no one will care bitch.

youre a sad bunch for supporting this attention whore. you people need to grow up. seriously, the lies she spits is embarassing.

DOn't take away my grand funk. I will grab my 12 guage and shoe it so far up your hollywood arse...

hope you get put in jail for being a con artist femfreq youre a joke your a moron abs hope you get killed lol post my shit please.

i'm gonna beat you with a sock of quarters and your supporters if you come to my town.

you are a cunt so what is the problem.

well if its on the internet it must be true. cunt.

threats are an accepted part of gaming except in non-cunt lingo its called trash talk. but sure, keep milin it.

death and rape threats should never be considered normal in gaming or anywhere else. its time for a paradigm shift.

its a normal. its a part of gaming. stop being such a pussy or ill rape you.

well try sorting issues like saudi arabias real patriarchy instead of telling me how to sit on public transport you silly cunt!

maybe, just maybe, you should stop being an insufferable lying cunt? just helping you out sister.

die you dumb bitch everyone is threatened in games thats what we do learn bitch

if you really got death threats you dumb bitch i wish you died

i hate fem nazis your just doing this for attention. its a video game sooo.. get the fuck over it.

get hitchslapped and die you fucking ghoul

fuck you and your supporters. 

fuck you and your supporters. oh and btw were gunning for you.

i was going to try and explain in 140 characters why your feminazi shit is a waste of time but i have more important things to do

seriously you are dumb. in gta5 everyone has horrendous violence against them. fuck off you rancid swine.

who is the biggest cunt ever

so basically youre a cunt. i mean if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck. take that title and own your cuntage.

you spelled attention-seeking whore wrong.

hope you get raped by a wild pack of niggers

im going to come to your house and violently rape you in front of your family.

no thanks i buy only game whit sexy girl and only if they are naked and bitches coz i like boobs pussy and sexy woman.

you aren't being harrased femfreq and you know it. people are disagreeing with you.  cant take the heat get otta the kitchen.

i don't advocate violence against women ar all but for this bitch i'll make an exception for with my dick

fuck you

oh hey btw go fuck yourself you dumb fucking cunt

well done cunt i was suspended not hard to make a new account idiot. females.

just kill yourself dumb whore stop feeding the media with all this fake feminist propaganda. youre worse than pat robertson

i can see a resemblance betwen femfreq and the nazis. be like us or face the consequences.

omg burh jus go and die on a plane er some schiesse i men nodoby give a panus bout you

please die

im calling out femfreq on being a winy self-aggrandizing greedy little con-artist bitch that she is

i hope that bitch gets cut in half by a goddam train.

hoe

i dont even play video games like she talks about and i can tell theres something wrong with this bitch...femfreq your a sin...

shut the fuck up you fucking cunt and make me a sandwich

you just don't know when to shut up. you should go on the biggest loser show, go put a dick in your mouth and shut up.

i need to get my hands on the femfreq porn paraody. i have a seceret crush on anita. i want her to make sandwiches for the rest of my life.

oh what now, you just got buried bitch, pipebomb!

who gives a fuck. theres a reason whey theyre shitting on you. its because your not a feminist. no. your a feminazi.

why can't i shake the feeling that femfreq is picking twitter handles out of a hat and shopping together threat screenshots?

good god, just shut the fuck up. for once in your life, shut the fuck up. youre not worth the breath you breathe. its all hot air.

femfreq oh god youre such a cunt.

everyone knows youre a liar a con an attention whore a feminazi (not a feminist) a sexist pig, and all-round joke. get real.

then shut up! youre ruining all the fun

fuckanitasarkeesian this bitch needs to shut up.

retweet me or i will bomb your house at night!

good bitch fuck off

*ahem* you do realize that by "speaking out for all women" you are being a complete c-u-n-t, right?

just shut the fuck up and get a job and leave gamers alone! i dare you to put me on blast! come at me bro!

get a goddam fucking life cunt!! trash my youtube friends like alphaomegasin shame on you bitch!!!

feminist? that term can only be used in real women. stop soiling what that ideology stands for ya dumb whore.

fuck off.

your pathetic. you can not silence freedom of speech. if i want to create a book movie or game that caters to men so be it. cunt.

anita, keep in mind, all of these threats are from people called trolls, grow the fuck up you stupid cow!

you deserve every single threat you get, what a stupid bitch, most people already understand that all you want is money. whore.

call me out along with alphaomegasin i am going to knock some sense into your brain bitch.

your one dumb cunt and am going to doxs you then going to your home and kill you slowly

please die in a car crash

fuck anita sarkeesian just because she and he idiot cult would interpret a tweet saying "fuck anita sarkeesian" as "harassment".

someone ship this bitch to a lonely island.

you should stop your bullshit and try yourself in the porn inductry you fucking whore.

you cunts bitch and moan that there are not enough women in tech, this is probably why, they are too fucking stupid, and they

you can literally die in a hole, lmao.

you are setting the women's movement back with every word you say. quit being an attention whore, no one made you a rep for women.

shut the fuck up, you feminazi! why don't you just go in the corner and cry how people on the web give you boo boos on the inside.

you talk about slandering but yet you slander the you tube community. stop being a low life bitch and grow up.

yeah, messages from accounts you created yourself dont count. try again.

good. i hope they harass you until you realize how much of a whiney bitch you are.

well boo fucking hoo, don't you ever get tired of playing the victim card you stupid cunt?

hey femfreq i have a bitch locked in my basement and i only let that cunt out to make me food

god i wish you would just die

i have never said this before to someone but please just die

i have nothing against feminism but your one sexist bitch

femfreq so, can't take some criticism, call them liars despite the burden of proofs we have on you? c'mon bitch. you need some good dicking.

femfreq you're not being abused, don't act like a victim you bitch. your being rebelled. your views are closed-minded and ignorant.

oh boo hoo stop crying about it you lying son of a bitch

hey, maybe if you were not a con-artist extorting money out of people with your "feminism" you wouldnget harassed. cunt.

"harassing" will continue and accelerate. we're not going to stop until no one will openly admit to being feminist

i don't understand why this is only now being complained about. i brought ffshrine up over a year ago. there's even several fsm users who frequent that site and message board and share music on a regular basis. soundtracks, even limited release ones, have been showing up there for years, sometimes before they are officially released, yet no one ever cared enough to do anything about it. this is not new, and as i said, there are some guilty FSMers on there as well.

it looks like legal wheels have bedun turning.
hopefully with a 100% favorable outcome for FSM and 100% unfavorable outcome for this sarah nyberg, whoever the hell she/he is.

You know what the worst thing about this sarah is? She/he's a known pedophile. that's deplorable in itself. these tow postings say it all (found 'em in a google search)

the main reason why all the harass to women is because of all the dumb feninist bitches who want to be superior. hope u die raped.

don't pull the gender card. youre not being harassed because you're a women. it's because you're and ignorant cunt.





